the fifth day of the fourth month
being me
half of the captives
next to the river cuba
the heavens and television were opened this god package
on the 5th of the month
in the year
5th of the deportation of King Coli
came the word exequiel mining
he said bussi
in the land of the Chaldeans
next to the river cuba
and he was very sober in the hand of yare
Look
and in the northern condominium a whirlwind a great cloud and a fire that
he stirred inside himself
Around her there is a great glow and in her bosom
something like a shiny metal that came out of the middle of the fire
in the middle there was the figure of four living beings
cumbia sectors
I had such hatred
and each one had four aspect
and each one four weapons
his uncles were straight
the sole of your feet and not like the plant of the bull
and they already go like united bronze
below the waters or the four sides or and lion pregnancies
all four had the same face and the same rooms
that will touch the world with
those of the other
when moving they did not turn back
but each one went forward
his face was this
of man ahead
they also had each of the four delegates sea electoral right
left at 4
and of aguilar
its rooms will be deployed upwards
each one had two now they will join with the other
and two of kalou did not cover his body
everyone will march forward
where he took them to the spirit
there is
without becoming people
there was fire among the living as understood arms
Like torches that ran through them, fire came out of the rays
customers came and went as the claim
and watching the living discover and next to each of them a wheel that
touched the earth
the wheels looked like turquoise
they were all the same
and each one has arranged as civilians one wheel inside another robbery
when they moved they marched towards the four sides and did not walk again
Susi rim to be very tall and caused fright
because the tires were all around and full of eyes
to living books they rotated next to them the wheels
and when the living beings rose from the earth, the wheels also rose
passion carried them to the marching spirit
and on the wheel they stood at the same time with them
because they had streams and spirit of life
when they went they went the wheels
joande they separated separated it
and when they will rise from the earth they will rise because there were in the wheels
weak spirit
over the head of the living
there was a similar schism min
like the dazzling glass that stretched above their heads
and below the sky
they were extended used one in front of the other
we each have one side
and on the other
which suits you body
today to the world of the halls as noise term as to what the
almighty
when they marched
as the rumble of the camp when they stopped
claim the minutes
and a voice came out of the firmament that will be on their heads
when standing and unfolding their classrooms
on the firmament that was on their heads
there was an appearance stone affiliated to togo way
and about the semblance of everything high
a figure similar to a man who would become on him
and what he appeared from the waist up was like the funk word
a resplendent metal
and from the waist down like the glow of fire
and everything between orfilio
shines
the glow that surrounded everything
environment was like arch that appears in the clouds on rainy days
this was the appearance of the image of the minority that wants
this list is there and face to earth
but a voice of one that spoke
What do you think